Add the Stable diffusion inpaint support (#869)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/stable-diffusion/README.md

    --gaudi_config Habana/stable-diffusion \
    --bf16
```

## Inpainting Example

> Inpainting replaces or edits specific areas of an image. For more details, please refer to [HugingFace inpaint](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/en/using-diffusers/inpaint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inpainting replaces or edits specific areas of an image. For more details, please refer to [Huging Face Diffusers doc](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/en/using-diffusers/inpaint).
```
